What we want to do is catch him.
the coarse salt
I only formed by precipitation and that
it's in the background hard postal rate
understanding of the winds may be more
thick and thin as water.
was a field work rate in
mud, see what it is
so we have no more than the
only remain in this water with this
dirty plug is not avoiding it our
example of success is clear water
to save companies that have
Lamamra a straw become a sheet
I'm 20 with the convent and it ends up
be drawn by the water's own energy
goes bankrupt
the staff came out clean sun always used the
blades the leaves the mosquito flies 15
the lightest we 've tried to do is
working in teams called are two
people and let's make it go
little other is going and we're going
closing together or being facilitated
work becomes easier after
take the first phase
missed a corner with a jerk leaving
the will automatically taking
we did a first phase that left the
this second phase in Brussels for
up the wall that hits the card will stay
for five days
Do you want me to sing in the market?
from the horse we did an activity
global
it will get and stay now as
artist
This is the most perfect and braking your
money
this is our flower of salt are all
that are goiano are floating
this is one is started to imagine a
fraudster as the milk boils and I will
heating and our air temperature
maintains same form notes because there are
a thermal difference in the liquid
we want this thermal difference
between one thing and another happen to the
the end of tomorrow are
ideal conditions sun in which he invents
one only means that there are dry days
cloudy to my flower salt the quality is
that varies and we have a
Fantastic strength up but
butterflies and today as time and volume
we got to see what it is that what we
We do not want to get caught, is this exactly?
Let's think about this new stage of my
granddaughter is paid
max such is a flour we are here
because the force that occurs when the
cbat that will go over her husband
keeping the age in which it will dry to
I did not even think that the old stick
reached 56 only leaves this fall with
dry or animated saline diet
time will tell as time has come
make thick salt
I got to do nothing is consensual to
gasoline stayed in the water that goes
getting all this winter after we
we talk the spring of the work of
cleaning and maintenance.
corporations and time began to
good
Let's get the first flower of salt and
may be between May and June but we
we hold nature rain we can
work with steve announced unb
we do not work